README.md, before:

This is a [Next.js](https://nextjs.org/) project bootstrapped with [`create-next-app`](https://github.com/vercel/next.js/tree/canary/packages/create-next-app).

## Getting Started

First, run the development server:

```bash
npm run dev
# or
yarn dev
# or
pnpm dev
# or
bun dev
```

Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) with your browser to see the result.

You can start editing the page by modifying `app/page.tsx`. The page auto-updates as you edit the file.

This project uses [`next/font`](https://nextjs.org/docs/basic-features/font-optimization) to automatically optimize and load Inter, a custom Google Font.

## Learn More

To learn more about Next.js, take a look at the following resources:

- [Next.js Documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs) - learn about Next.js features and API.
- [Learn Next.js](https://nextjs.org/learn) - an interactive Next.js tutorial.

You can check out [the Next.js GitHub repository](https://github.com/vercel/next.js/) - your feedback and contributions are welcome!

## Deploy on Vercel

The easiest way to deploy your Next.js app is to use the [Vercel Platform](https://vercel.com/new?utm_medium=default-template&filter=next.js&utm_source=create-next-app&utm_campaign=create-next-app-readme) from the creators of Next.js.

Check out our [Next.js deployment documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs/deployment) for more details.

Commit message:

Update ENV variables and Add MDX

README.md, after:

# Employees App FRONTEND

## Idea

The main idea of the project is to organize the hierarchy of employees of a company, in such a way that the structure of the company and its employees can be visualized. In addition to including a versioning of the employees, so that you can see the history of changes of a specific employee. For this, a web application will be created to visualize the hierarchy of employees and the history of changes of a specific employee.

The interface shows a chart with all employees and their hierarchy

## Tools

- NextJS
- Axios
- typescript
- TailwindCSS
- React Query
- MDX from NextJS
- Among others

## Previous steps

    1. The database is deployed on Render.com
    2. Set your .env file with the environments variables that you'll find in the .env.example file
    3. You should have the backend URL ready

## Run

    1. Clone the Repo:
    Git clone https://github.com/sebastiansandoval27/employees-front

    2. Install dependencies
    Yarn install

    3. Run the project
     - yarn dev
